Question: What is Emmet?
Ans:    Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text-editors, which helps developers to code fast.

Question: Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans:    Library is a collection of code(functions and classes) , that we can use in our projects, where as framework is itself a project(software/application), where we can enhance this with our code.

        Library is not a software but framework is a software.

        in Library flow will be decided by us like when this function will run, where it will run these all things but in framework, we give our code and framework will call/run our code.

        It is our code which calls the library code while in framework, it is framework's code which calls our code.

Question: What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans:    Content Delivery Network - A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
                                    it makes our website loading time less.

Question: Why is React known as React?
Ans:    React makes painless to create interactive UIs.

Question: What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans:    The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
        Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.
        A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

Question: What is difference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans:    React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.
        React will help us in creating elements ids but ReactDOM will helps us in rendering them on the browser(dom manuplations).

Question: What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans:    the difference is in the word itself , react.development.js is used in developers phase, whereas React.production.js files is used in production.
        the technical difference is that in production we use React.production.js because it is very fast than the development, code will be much optimized in the react.production.js.

Question: What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video :)
Ans:      There are three way to load and use scripts :
        1. without async and defer (normal) : In this first html parsing will be done but when the scripts will come then html parsing will be stopped and scripts will be loaded and then executed then html parsing will be continue.
        2. with async: In this scripts will be fetched asynchronously with html parsing, when it will be ready to execute then only html parsing will be stopped. and when scripts will be finished then html parsing will be continue.
        3. with defer : In this scripts will be executed only when html parsing and script fetching has been done.
